# Bon-Voyage
“Bon Voyage team is trying to provide a high level models of the reservation/booking system to build reusable in different platforms, maintainable with low cost and self-explained software product line while adopting the best practices of Model- Driven software Development.”

# System description


Online reservation systems are one of the trending systems that are widely used by different categories of clients. The real-time booking, the availability and the variety of services they provide are top features of their success. However, online reservation might sometimes not be practical as it seems to be. For example, if we consider a real life scenario for booking a flight. Even if this task is supposed to last few minutes, generally a client may spend an hour surfing between the different online reservation systems of each company and comparing the offers. In this case, online reservation won’t be a very pleasant experience and there is no guarantee for the client that he chose the best or cheapest offer. Moreover, it is more practical for a client to book all the services from one system such as booking a flight, renting a car and finding a hotel room for his stay. In order to facilitate and reduce the time of online reservation task, we propose “Bon Voyage” which is an online reservation system that provides services to manage the reservation/booking of any reservation type of products ( flights, hotel , concert tickets …).

So Once an internet user access to our system there are three scenarios, the first scenario is he doesn't have an account he can then whether just use the website as without creating one or he decides to create it in this case his informations will be added to the database. The second scenario is that he has an account he will then login with his registered credentials then he can obviously operate the CRUD operations to edit his profile, view his profile or delete it. The third scenario is that the internet user is an admin of the system in this case he can in addition to all the functions operated by a normal customer , he can manage clients , add clients and delete clients. The normal usage of the system for a customer is then defined as follow; he can search for the products he wants to reserve ( a flight , hotel room …), he can reserve several products , or reserve . So once the customer decides to book his product (or his offer), he can either proceed to select details about his product ( select flight, room , concert …., seat , room size , …) so that he can finally make a payment, once that’s done , a ticket will be printed and also he will be able to do online-checking in case he reserved a flight ticket. Or , he can cancel his booking.
